Editorial changes to Chaps 1-8 Controller UG (#1155)
ansible/aap-docs: downstream/modules/platform/con-controller-overview-details.adoc

For more information, see xref:controller-workflows[Workflows in {ControllerName}]

= Job distribution

> Take a fact gathering or configuration job running across thousands of machines and divide it into slices that can be distributed across your automation controller cluster for increased reliability, faster job completion, and improved cluster use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Take a fact gathering or configuration job running across thousands of machines and divide it into slices that can be distributed across your {ControllerName} cluster for increased reliability, faster job completion, and improved cluster use.
```
